
B) Semantics of Merging Structurally Similar to Equivalents e.g. should both be available after doing one.
C) Why are M and F generators generators for Shipibo. 
D) 	// need to consider role of past panel references in keeping past versions


i) Ordering restriction on reduction/simplication and removal of descendents ... 
ii) Think about more control over what standard multi-step operations might contain. -- macro
iii) dialog window for selecting equations availble to build algebra from.





0) Options should not be greyed out until successful. e.g. Construct Base Algebra when Kinerm map is not simplifed
1) *At the moment the same file can be open in two windows ... not good - can probably check for file name from the GlobalWindowsManager. -- Probably leave as is for this application
2) How to fiddle scroll content tabs not to double.
3) Need a page setup dialogue - pdf and jpeg
4) Need dirty flag for KintermFrame - mainly maintenance 
5) restoring mid vbar causes down rather than up shift of image???
6) Why does clicking on scroll bar in diagnostics window keep flashing up the info window???
7) Busy cursor when doing operations in Operations menu item Kin Type Products. Busy cursor on all relevant frames.
8) Don't quit program when closing windows. ex. Tables -- sortof done  - needs checking

9) Graph window doesn't open quite enough for bottom row of buttons
10) Kinterm table needs a few pixels bottom and right
11) Activate genological grid window shouldn't repopulate model every time, e.g. Frame3D
12) Window navigation icons for moving between graph, cayley, kinterms etc.
13) Initial window placement.
14) Simplication of the small kinterm map ... make window size of map
15) when doing radical simplication/algebra generation make graph do right direction
16) Clicking generator box in kin term should show arrow menu. Making a term a generator, and then trying to revise it can be problematic ... may be an issue when is a descendent term but marked an ancestral one, e.g. nephew.. Not an issue for ascendent term, it appears.
17) When working with very simplificed kt maps, tables etc don't appear successful after algebra
18) Window size for Graph window ... needs to be taller.
19) Examine all Algebra.isArrow  to see if AlgebraSymbol.getArrowType can be substituted
20) Examine the avaiable option structure ...
21) Sort kin terms by length of products in Kinterm Table
22) Default save just saves current kinterm map and algebra
23) Snapshot mode (variant of undo) -- // see D above
24) Abiltiy to save only Kinterm map or Algebra.
25) Ability save save contents of any window.

 
